welcome guys to our first let's play
today we are playing with I don't know
man or what's our goal today guys we're
going to the moon Frost going to Mars
actually so you guys have seen us go to
the moon before now we're going up to
Mars let me kill this guy real quick so
he's free boy he got armor and
everything oh my gosh
oh crap
start I think we should make our house
over here I like this forest seems like
it'd be really easy for those archers to
destroy them with my flower
oh are you what the heck is a baby's
holding here even eating it okay I just
ate it
all right is this Roberto China a little
buddy the pig over here a best friend
don't kill yeah Thomas that his name's
Dale all right I told you to sell all
your way oh I don't care
I don't even know I made so many freakin
pickaxes and axes like as if I'm gonna
be using these forever they're not
wooden oh they are what the heck you
know what are you doing
finding it the most boring part of
Minecraft love it for some reason I'm
just like dude to do mine in my own
business where in my Dale go I think
that's all minute so long suckers he
knew you're gonna turn out hiding now I
just want to make sure he was safe
Yeah right yeah what are you doing
Jelena oh never mind I'll jump down okay
all right mr. zombie oh crap crap I'm so
gonna die coming I have one oh my gosh I
fell inside that oh my gosh yeah you got
a stone sword right
yes we're unstoppable oh my night I just
know what does barley fields stuff down
oh crap my thing is broken
my gosh
this is why Yelena is in heaven right
now exists poison water oh my goodness I
found the mushrooms did I really go that
far picking barley yeah you're pretty
hyped about the barley how their fire is
going in the house
I don't know I heard some crappy air to
get electric fence what intense
yeah man I really want to keep your
cousing I think it's up in the tree it
sure is
I'm the newbie here so I had these two
day you know get you worried
oh my gosh osmium freaking those two
walls so much faster there I made a
solution for the door and I think it's
okay pretty solid but how do I get in oh
I'm Bert zomb are so many sheeps amen I
am Rob Dom DOM Oh see guys grab them
blocked
yeah define honest science of the
flooding sign why did I step in I hate
that poison thingy totally come down
here with no horses yes I stole
miscellaneous oh my gosh why can't we
have time to miscellaneous when its
usefulness more than the others like
they're all useful though it's not what
are you gonna use spider eyeballs for
dumb blocks really yeah yeah God why
else so many baby zombies I just punched
me and ran away
oh we have and the corner one oh wait
gosh hi guys this concludes our first
episode of journey to the moon with poor
outside so stay tuned for part 2 coming
up next might later